everton can mark the construction of
Everton asks for the penalty, the referee sent
the next move
she is running like an arm in the
back and makes a difference in everything
he fell he would have no reason to fall
sitting in front of the goal arrived
samuel time to punch bellucci penalty
Rio favor of hand touch hit
on the hip of the player's game
luan
then hit his arm
He had no intention
the judge played fred hit the goal
bahia responds with gabriel has talent
has category makes touch under banner
again
It's not worth the finish It's not worth the finish
marked impediment of the bay again and
I was not, I was not now, I do not have
No doubt I'm going to use the charge.
crossing the dangerous ball cavalieri no
entered but incredible diego cavalieri
saved the fluminense
head back at point-blank range
Cavalieri in goal in butt out
there were those who did not have dunga who found
Rafael I think it was the goalkeeper's penalty
Victor
pass to seedorf inside the small
area tried a cheeky pass to the far post.
take a look at that deal I said
was Fred is a designer in khar or
seedorf sending the ball away
the faction that government has no problem
I there on the side